Fix wrong answer to single-number evaluation metric exercise (#354)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: episodes/3-monitor-the-model.Rmd

While the performance on the train set seems reasonable, the performance on the test set is much worse.
This is a common problem called **overfitting**, which we will discuss in more detail later.
Optional exercise:
The metric that we are using: RMSE would be a good one. You could also consider Mean Squared Error, that punishes large errors more (because large errors create even larger squared errors).

> What matters is that if the models improve based on this metric, you also reach the goal that you want to achieve: predict tomorrows sunshine hours. 
> As soon as you have the feeling that whatever you are using as a metric does not help you reach your goal, you should pick a different one!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that if the model improves in performance on the basis of this metric then that should also lead you a step closer to reaching your goal: to predict tomorrow's sunshine hours. 
If you feel that improving the metric does not lead you closer to your goal, then it would be better to choose a different metric
```

An alternative suggestion as I found the original phrasing a little confusing when I read it first.
